docs: remove version from ohttp media type (#1243)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE_Key_Value_Server_API.md

*   0x0001 HKDF-SHA256 for KDF (key derivation functions)
*   AES256GCM for AEAD scheme.

> * The OHTTP request has media type “message/ad-auction-trusted-signals-request”
> * The OHTTP response has media type “message/ad-auction-trusted-signals-response”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we are [repurposing the OHTTP encapsulation mechanism, we are required to define new media types](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9458.html#name-repurposing-the-encapsulati):
* The OHTTP request media type is “message/ad-auction-trusted-signals-request”
* The OHTTP response media type is “message/ad-auction-trusted-signals-response”
Note that these media types are [concatenated with other fields when creating the HPKE encryption context](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9458.html#name-encapsulation-of-requests), and are not HTTP content or media types.
```
